# Sources, Notes, QuizCards
## A learning application

Welcome to SNQ!
This is similar to other great learning apps like Quizlet and Anki. Unlike simple flashcard apps, this hopes to accomplish a few things.
1. More focus on the sources of information, with easy links to those sources for verification and clarification
1. More variety of quizzes, such as fill-in-the-blank and lists of answers
1. Multiple acceptable answers for when different answers mean the same thing and should be counted as correct

Here's how you start:
1. Put the files onto your computer in a new folder
1. Navigate your browser to that folder
1. Go into the views folder
1. Open index.html
1. You're in! Now to start using it

Here's how to use it:
1. Click 'Choose File'
1. Select a .json file set up for this program
1. Don't have the one you want? You can make your own!

How to make your own learning set:
1. Click 'Create New' (Note: as the button warns, this exits the current set without saving changes)
1. Go to 'This is where you edit or add'
1. Select 'Source' from the 'What are you editing' dropdown
1. Enter the information for a source (currently, this is optimized for websites, but you can skip irrelevant or unavailable info, so books, magazine articles, etc. are fine)
1. Click 'Save!' 
1. Click 'Different Record'
1. Select 'Note' from 'What are you editing' dropdown
1. Select type of note. Most notes need to be linked to a Source. If you select 'Question or unverified observation,' you don't have a source, but you want to record information to review and research later.
1. If your note is verified by a source (quote or information), select the Source from the list of sources you have entered.
1. Notes can be linked to multiple sources. Click 'Add a Source' if information in your note is verified by another source (perhaps because your note merges information from two places)
1. Click 'Different Record' again and select 'Quiz Card' from the 'What are you editing' dropdown
1. The Prompt is the question your quiz card will ask you to answer
1. The response is how you are supposed to answer
1. If you do not need a list of responses to answer, you may have multiple acceptable answers to the same prompt

Make a mistake? Here's how to edit:
1. Click 'Reload the File'
1. At the bottom, you have lists of Quiz Cards, Notes, and Sources. Expand this list and find the entry you want to edit
1. At the bottom of each entry is 'Check here to mark __ for editing or deleting.' Check that checkbox
1. Go back up to 'This is where you edit or add' box and click 'Next Item to Edit'
1. Make changes and click 'Save'
1. For Quiz Cards, you can take an old card you selected to edit and make it a new card. When you edit a Quiz Card, you are given the option to 'Save as New.' This only works if the prompt is at least slightly different OR you have added the address to an image to be used in the prompt. Identical prompts will just overwrite the old card, because their ID is generated by the prompt or prompt and image address (if applicable)


This version is run only on the browser using local files (what I call a Browser-Only Application, or BOA).
Here's some of the advantages of that style of application:
* No server program to run or maintain
* No database to run or maintain
* Opens in any desktop or laptop browser
* No need for Internet connection - if you have the files, say from a thumb drive, you can open index.html in your favorite browser and get going

But there are disadvantages to a BOA:
* Study sets do not scale - If you are studying from a really large file, the browser starts to complain.
* Not easy to save changes. The study sets are saved as .json files, which the browser (for security reasons) will not save for you. So you have to copy from a textarea and paste into the file to open later.
* Difficult to use on some mobile devices. When I statically serve the files and access them from an iPhone, the JavaScript does not run. I intend to debug this problem, but I don't know why my iPhone cannot run it.

I am currently working on a server-based version, which will break up the JavaScript into modules, take care of most of the calculations for the browsers, and perhaps one day use a database for learning sets. Of course, this will require a reliable Internet connection or a script to run both the server and the database server for the browser to use from localhost.